♪♪♪
♪ WAS RIDIN' ALONG
SIDE THE HIGHWAY ♪
♪ ROLLIN' UP THE
COUNTRY SIDE ♪
♪ THINKIN' I'M THE
DEVIL'S HEATWAVE ♪
♪ WHAT YOU BURN IN
YOUR CRAZY MIND? ♪
♪ SAW A SLIGHT DISTRACTION ♪
♪ STANDIN' BY THE ROAD ♪
♪ SHE WAS SMILIN' THERE
YELLOW IN HER HAIR ♪
♪ DO YOU WANT TO I WAS
THINKIN' WOULD YOU CARE ♪
♪ SWEET HITCH-A-HIKER ♪
♪ WE COULD MAKE MUSIC
AT THE GREASY KING ♪
♪ SWEET HITCH-A-HIKER ♪
♪ WON'T YOU RIDE ON
MY FAST MACHINE? ♪
♪ CRUISIN' ON THROUGH
THE JUNCTION ♪
♪ I'M FLYIN' 'BOUT THE
SPEED OF SOUND ♪
♪ NOTICIN' PECULIAR FUNCTION ♪
♪ I AIN'T NO ROLLER
COASTER SHOW ME DOWN ♪
♪ I TURNED AWAY TO SEE HER ♪
♪ WOA! SHE CAUGHT MY EYE ♪
♪ BUT I WAS ROLLIN'
DOWN MOVIN' TOO FAST ♪
♪ DO YOU WANT TO SHE WAS
THINKIN' CAN IT LAST ♪
♪ SWEET HITCH-A-HIKER ♪
♪ WE COULD MAKE MUSIC
AT THE GREASY KING ♪
♪ SWEET HITCH-A-HIKER ♪
♪ WON'T YOU RIDE ON
MY FAST MACHINE? ♪
♪♪♪
♪ WAS BUSTED UP
ALONG THE HIGHWAY ♪
♪ I'M THE SADDEST
RIDIN' FOOL ALIVE ♪
♪ WOND'RING IF YOU'RE
GOIN' IN MY WAY ♪
♪ WON'T YOU GIVE A
POOR BOY A RIDE? ♪
♪ HERE SHE COMES A RIDIN' ♪
♪ LORD SHE'S FLYIN' HIGH ♪
♪ BUT SHE WAS ROLLIN'
DOWN MOVIN' TOO FAST ♪
♪ DO YOU WANT TO SHE WAS
THINKIN' CAN I LAST ♪
♪ SWEET HITCH-A-HIKER ♪
♪ WE COULD MAKE MUSIC
AT THE GREASY KING ♪
♪ SWEET HITCH-A-HIKER ♪
♪ WON'T YOU RIDE ON
MY FAST MACHINE? ♪
♪ SWEET HITCH-A-HIKER ♪
♪ WE COULD MAKE MUSIC
AT THE GREASY KING ♪
♪ SWEET HITCH-A-HIKER ♪
♪ WON'T YOU RIDE ON
MY FAST MACHINE? ♪
♪ SWEET HITCH-A-HIKER ♪
♪ WE COULD MAKE MUSIC
AT THE GREASY KING ♪
♪ SWEET HITCH-A-HIKER ♪
♪ WON'T YOU RIDE ON
MY FAST MACHINE? ♪